x VALERIUS MAXIMUS.

We should not, however, expect in Boswell the
elegance of Addison3 and there are not a few who
can enjoy Boswell, but can only admire Addison.
The variety and interest of Valerius made him a
special favourite for school purposes during the
Middle AgeS, his popularity being attested by the
numerous MSS. still extant, and by the epitomes of
his writings made by Julius Paris, Januarius Nepo-
tianus, and Julius Honorius.

The first printed edition was published at Stras-
burg about 1470, and an English version by Speed
appeared in London in 1678. The text used in
these Selections is that of O. Kempf's edition of
1878. In the earlier part it has been simpli-
fied and adapted to meet the requirements of the
junior student.

The sections of the Vocabulary correspond with
those of the text, each word appearing in the Voca-
bulary when it occurs for the first time. Words
already explained may be found by consulting the
Index ε’ the numbers refer to the sections of the
Vocabulary. The Notes are entirely explanatory,
and no information is given except what experience
has shown to be necessary. The Critical Papers,

